Add IgnoreSuffix feature (#93)
apache/skywalking-nginx-lua: README.md

        metadata_buffer:set('serviceInstanceName', 'User Service Instance Name')
        -- type 'boolean', mark the entrySpan include host/domain
        metadata_buffer:set('includeHostInEntrySpan', false)

>         -- set ignoreSuffix, If the operation name of the first span is included in this set, this segment should be ignored. Multiple values should be separated by ','

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        -- set ignoreSuffix, If the operation name(HTTP URI) of the entry span includes suffixes in this set, this segment would be ignored. Multiple values should be separated by a comma(',').
```

Author: ok
